Documentation for CREATE SEQUENCE (#12)
YugaByte/docs: content/latest/api/ysql/drop_sequence.md

### sequence_name
<svg class="rrdiagram" version="1.1" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="117" height="35" viewbox="0 0 117 35"><path class="connector" d="M0 22h5m107 0h5"/><rect class="literal" x="5" y="5" width="107" height="25" rx="7"/><text class="text" x="15" y="22">&lt;Text Literal&gt;</text></svg>

### Grammar
```
drop_sequence = 'DROP' 'SEQUENCE' [ 'IF' 'EXISTS' ] sequence_name [ 'CASCADE' | 'RESTRICT' ];
```

Where

- `sequence_name` is the name of the sequence.
- `CASCADE`. Remove also all objects that depend on this sequence (for example a `DEFAULT` value in a table's column).
- `RESTRICT`. Do not remove this sequence if any object depends on it. This is the default behavior even if it's not specified.

## Semantics

> - An error is raised if a sequence with that name already exists in the current schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An error is raised if a sequence with that name does not exist in the current schema unless `IF EXISTS` is specified.
```
